Change to app.mayhem.security and v2. (#29)
ForAllSecure/mapi-action-examples: README.md

and PRs. We make it easy, and provide results right in your PRs where
you want them. Adding Mayhem for API to a DevOps pipeline is easy.

> Want to try it? [Sign up for free](https://app.mayhem.security)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Want to try it? [Get started for free!](https://www.mayhem.security/get-started)!
```

Switch to getting-started page on mayhem.security website.
